Added performance benchmarking doc (#4169)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: doc/contributing/benchmark-tests.md

# Performance Benchmark Testing Guide

Benchmark tests are intended to measure performance of small units of code.

It is recommended that operations that have a high impact on the performance of the SDK (or potential for) are accompanied by a benchmark test. This helps end-users understand the performance trend over time, and it also helps maintainers catch performance regressions.

> Benchmark tests are run automatically with every release, and the results are available at <https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-js/benchmark>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Benchmark tests are run automatically with every merge to main, and the results are available at <https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-js/benchmark>.
```

## Running benchmark tests

Performance benchmark tests can be run from the root for all modules or from a single module directory only for that module:

``` bash
# benchmark all modules
npm run test:bench

# benchmark a single module
cd packages/opentelemetry-sdk-trace-base
npm run test:bench
```

## Adding a benchmark test

Unlike unit tests, benchmark tests should be written in plain JavaScript (not Typescript).

Add a new test file in folder `test/performance/benchmark` using the following as a template:

``` javascript
const Benchmark = require('benchmark');

const suite = new Benchmark.Suite();

suite.on('cycle', event => {
  console.log(String(event.target));
});

suite.add('new benchmark test', function() {
 // write code to test ...
});

suite.run();
```

## Automatically running benchmark tests

> If you want your test to run automatically with every release (to track trend over time), register the new test file by requiring it in `test/performance/benchmark/index.js`.

Reviewer 2: Didn't you update the trigger?

```suggestion
If you want your test to run automatically with every merge to main (to track trend over time), register the new test file by requiring it in `test/performance/benchmark/index.js`.
```

> Add the `test:bench` script in package.json, if the module does not contain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the `test:bench` script in package.json, if the module does not contain it already.
```

``` json

> "test:bench": "node test/performance/benchmark/index.js"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"test:bench": "node test/performance/benchmark/index.js | tee .benchmark-results.txt",
```
